## Awful StackOverflow Questions

God, [this question on StackOverflow][1]. The question is "How much research effort is expected of Stack Overflow users?". The highest voting answer is basically saying "If you don't put a *sufficient* amount of energy into researching a question, you aren't *worthy* of an answer". Here is a quote from that answer:

> And the quoted comment in the OP was indeed rude. Let's get that out of the way. But to be frank, you've asked 36 (visible) questions in May. That's rather a lot. I won't review all of them, because I haven't the time, but it's fair to say that you probably do want to consider spending more of your time and less of ours. We do not mind helping, but we're not a replacement for either personal training or paid support.

I feel like there are some things that I know well enough to provide answers for, but I never want to pretend like I know enough to lord over someone new or someone inexperienced. Either give your answer because you want to help and share knowledge, or stay out of the way.

There is enough exclusion in the programming community (and in basically every competitive community). The people that think they know answers *really* want to think they have answers. They want to show some stroke of ingenuity that sets them apart from everyone else, and they are going to talk down to others to do it. This is a part of so many things, elitism, insecurity, mansplaining, pretension. 

[1]: https://meta.stackoverflow.com/questions/261592/how-much-research-effort-is-expected-of-stack-overflow-users/